You have 1 name.
What is your full name?
What do you do at your occupation?
Condense the verb in your answer into a single -er noun. (e.g. if you are a sheep farmer, your answer will be “farmer”)
What was your first pet’s specific species/breed? If you never had a pet, please answer with an animal you wish you owned.
What’s your most embarrassing childhood memory?
Condense this story into two words
What is the object you’d least like to be stabbed by?
What is something you are good at? (Verb ending in -ing)
How many carrots do you believe you could eat in one sitting, if someone, like, forced you to eat as many carrots as possible?
What is your greatest intangible fear? (e.g. death, loneliness, fear itself)
What is your greatest tangible fear? (e.g. horses)
What is the last thing you did before starting this worksheet?
What condition is your body currently in? (single word answer)
Favorite state of matter?
A word your name kind of sounds like? (e.g. Brian -> Brain)
What is your Zodiac sign?
If you had to define your personality in one word, what would it be?
Who is your favorite film character? (NOTE: must be played by Kurt Russell)
What is the last word of the title of your favorite Kubrick film?
What is the first word in the title of your favorite Joy Division album?
What is a scientific term you picked up from listening to NPR once?
What is a piece of military hardware you think looks cool even though war is bad?
What is something you’d enjoy watching Mads Mikkelsen do?
Please condense into one word.
THE -MAN CONDITION: Roll a d4. Use this table to determine whether you have this condition:
You've rolled a 1!
You do not have this condition
THE CONDITION CONDITION: Roll a d8. Use this table to determine your what this condition will do to you:
You've rolled a: 1
You do not have this condition.


THE CLONE CONDITION: Roll a d12. Use this table to determine if you have this condition:
You've rolled a: 5
You do not have this condition.

THE KOJIMA CONDITION: Roll a d100 (or two d10s, using one as the 1s place and the other as the 10s place.) Use this table to determine if you have this condition:
You've rolled a 53
You do not have this condition.

Your NORMAL NAME:
 1
Your OCCUPATIONAL NAME:
 1 1
Your HORNY NAME: 
 1 1
Your THE NAME: 
The  1
Your COOL NAME: 
 1 1
Your VIOLENT NAME:
1 1
Your NAME THAT LACKS SUBTEXT:
 1
Write SOMETHING and press ENTER key to Continue
